---
title: Wiki
---

# GoboLinux Wiki

## Welcome !

Hello and welcome to the official documentation and wiki of the GoboLinux
project!

GoboLinux is [quite](https://gobolinux.org/k5.html)
[different](https://gobolinux.org/at_a_glance.html) from your usual linux
distribution. Therefore to make your journey as enjoyable possible, you should
carefully **read** and **consult** the documentation.

If you have just installed GoboLinux on your PC, make sure to check out the
[Known Issues and Fixes]({{<ref "GoboLinux-017-Known-Issues-and-Fixes" >}})
section first.

## How to find yourself around

You can start with the [**Overview**]({{<ref "Overview" >}}) section on the
left. This should get you started.

The main [**Documentation**]({{<ref "Documentation" >}}) section contains some
further and advanced topics , but if you're serious about your GoboLinux journey
you should read this one, too!

The [**Howtos**]({{<ref "Howtos" >}}) section holds articles to solve a specific
problem and guides you through step-by-step. We rely heavily on the community
contributions here. If you feel something important is not covered, feel
encouraged to submit your contributions!

The [**Commands**]({{<ref "Commands" >}}) section is a list of GoboLinux
specific commands and tooling, that will make your life with GoboLinux much
easier. They are what makes GoboLinux so enjoyable and are very much in the
spirit of: **_‚ÄûDo One Thing and Do It Well!‚Äù_**.

### Couldn't find what you were looking for?

GoboLinux is a very broad project, that has its roots back to almighty 2002!
Thus you might find outdated or even missing documentation... but do not
despair!!

Our community is here to help you out. If you have read the documentation but
still require further assistance, reach out to us on:

-   **IRC chat:** [#gobolinux](irc://irc.libera.chat/gobolinux) at
    irc.libera.chat
-   **Our forums:** https://gobolinux.discourse.group/

Please be patient, we are a small community but we do make an effort to help
everybody out.

## Contributing

We rely heavily on community contributions for our wiki! Therefore if you find
the documentation lacking or even erroneous we depend on your contribution!

You will find the wiki's source code along with its contents living in a
[dedicated repository](https://github.com/gobolinux/Documentation) on Github!

Please refer the to README there to find yourself around, or file an issue! üòÄ
